1. From selling peanuts to saving lives: #UofT researcher Jude Kong of @uoft_dlsphand @uoftartsci uses AI to combat health misinformation across Africa. ??Kong is harnessing artificial intelligence and community collaboration to address public health challenges in the Global South.2. “When I started at the U of A, I wasn’t sure what I wanted to do. I came in curious about science and biology, but it wasn’t until I discovered psychology that my path shifted. Through the Community Service Learning (CSL) program, I got to go outside the classroom and into the community, volunteering with Lady Flower Gardens, Volunteer Alberta, the Campus Food Bank and many others. I saw how people come together to serve and sustain each other, and how change is built from within the community itself. I also had the opportunity to learn from Indigenous Elders in one of my CSL classes, which reshaped my understanding of what learning can be. Now, as I pursue my Master’s in Counsellor Psychology, I can see how every step from uncertainty to clarity has shaped not just my career path but the story I am crafting for my life. It is a reminder that each journey is unique, and every experience has a role in preparing us for the work we are meant to do.”Faith is a recent Psychology graduate from Ondo State, Nigeria. She volunteered with the Black Students’ Association, the Partnership for Research with African Newcomers and the Pan African Collaboration for Excellence. Outside of university, she runs her own photography business. ?? #UAlberta3. The start of my journey as an international student wasn’t easy at all — between balancing school and the pandemic — but it’s important to know it does get better. I started to seek help from different resources, like visiting the Decima Robinson Support Centre, and joining student clubs. One of the most rewarding memories of my journey was walking the stage and representing the university at a case competition in Montreal. Being able to challenge myself and apply my skills in a real-word setting was truly rewarding. My biggest takeaway was the importance of interdisciplinary collaboration; it was a powerful reminder of how technical and business skills can come together to solve global challenges. Now, as a new grad, I am excited to work on building the energy sector in Canada.”?Bobola is a recent Civil-Environmental Engineering graduate from Ondo, Nigeria. He was Vice-President Internal for the Nigerian Students’ Association, Engineering faculty-lead for Week of Welcome and a member of the badminton club. ?? #UAlberta4. “When I started at the U of A, I wasn’t sure what I wanted to do. I came in curious about science and biology, but it wasn’t until I discovered psychology that my path shifted. Through the Community Service Learning (CSL) program, I got to go outside the classroom and into the community, volunteering with Lady Flower Gardens, Volunteer Alberta, the Campus Food Bank and many others. I saw how people come together to serve and sustain each other, and how change is built from within the community itself. I also had the opportunity to learn from Indigenous Elders in one of my CSL classes, which reshaped my understanding of what learning can be. Now, as I pursue my Master’s in Counsellor Psychology, I can see how every step from uncertainty to clarity has shaped not just my career path but the story I am crafting for my life. It is a reminder that each journey is unique, and every experience has a role in preparing us for the work we are meant to do.”Faith is a recent Psychology graduate from Ondo State, Nigeria. She volunteered with the Black Students’ Association, the Partnership for Research with African Newcomers and the Pan African Collaboration for Excellence. Outside of university, she runs her own photography business. ?? #UAlberta5. “As an international student from Nigeria, moving to Canada for university at 16 years of age was simultaneously thrilling and daunting. Everything, from the weather to the culture and how people communicate, differed from what I had known. But, as the first person in my family to gain admission to study abroad, I knew I was carrying out my dreams and the hopes of those who believe in me. Being a nursing student is a demanding commitment, but having a supportive network of peers has made the journey much more enjoyable. Being able to share hardships, laugh together and encourage one another has turned what could have been an overwhelming experience into a fun one. My journey is far from over, but each day on campus reaffirms that my potential is limitless, and I will forever be grateful for the opportunity to learn and grow within such a welcoming space.”Gabrielle is a third-year Honors Nursing student from Nigeria and recipient of the prestigious President’s International Distinction Scholarship. She is a Women’s Resource Center Assistant at the Royal Alexandra Hospital and volunteers with Science FUNdamentals. Gabrielle plans to channel her knowledge of the human body and passion for caring for others into her future career as a medical doctor. #UAlberta6.  Award-winning startup @reeddihq, founded by #UofT alumnus Olugbenga Olubanjo, is sparking innovation and economic opportunities for individuals and small businesses around the world with reliable and affordable grid-free electricity. Join us at #CollisionConf from June 26-29. Don’t miss the U of T booth —powered by Reeddi—where you can find out more about top tech startups, many of them created by #UofTalumni! #UofTDefyGravity10. “Being at the U of A has taught me that leadership isn’t about being the loudest person in the room, but about being the one to create space for others to be seen and supported. Last year, I travelled to Mexico and England to compete in a global competition where my initiative helped to provide solar-powered battery packs to communities lacking access to reliable electricity in my home country of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. We didn’t win, but I saw how far small ideas can go and the impact that can come from listening and taking action. That is the lesson I carry into everything I do here on our beautiful campus.”Michael is a fourth-year biological science student and is this month's featured U of A Ambassador. He sits on the Dean of Students' Advisory Committee and the Associate Vice President's Advisory Committee, and plays trumpet for the U of A marching band. He is a big Beyoncé fan and always plays 'Formation' on the way to every exam.11. ?? Scholars from #UofT and Dalhousie University have created a set of online courses on Black health and anti-Black racism in the Canadian health-care system, which will be available to learners across Canada. This is a momentous step in helping advance equitable care for Black Canadians.13. #UofT’s annual Black History Month Luncheon drew hundreds from across the university’s three campuses, and many more online, to share food, celebrate Black history and excellence – and build community.15.  Happy long weekend, #UofT! Our #UTSC and #UTM campuses will be buzzing with activity as move-ins happen over the next few days. The University will be closed on Monday, Sept. 2 for Labour Day. Looking for resources & the latest news for the U of T community? Visit utoronto.ca/utogether or our link in bio.16. Cheered on by family and friends, more than 14,500 students from #UofT’s three campuses walked across the stage in Convocation Hall during spring convocation this year at #UofTGrad25.In photos: #UofT student-run Black Grad event celebrates community, culture and excellence. ???? (pictures 2,7,8,9)